[Music]
here today gone tomorrow things keep
changing so fast these days it's hard to
keep up so here's our predictions about
things that will disappear in 20 years
by the way I've always found that
prediction is very difficult especially
about the future so do you remember when
you stopped using your VCR maybe you
used to watch movies on it every night
but one day it was suddenly replaced by
the new DVD player what about your flip
phone or CDs flip phones were once the
newest technology and now they're the
oldest the sky's the limit when it comes
to technology there are always
innovation seeking to replace our old
gadgets with smaller faster and more
convenient devices only a few treasured
things have survived from the days when
we use the VCR but it won't be long
before we forget about them -
fast-forward 20 years from now and
imagine leaving your house and asking
your door to lock itself you head to
your car ask it to open up and press a
button for it to start driving
technology evolves quickly and there are
always companies pushing the boundaries
of what can be achieved mirrorless cars
digital clones and keyless entry are
some of the many things will say hello
to in the future
boy I'm still waiting for my jet pack
zoom zoom
keep watching to check out which devices
will be saying goodbye to and what will
be replacing them but before we tell you
about the amazing innovations the future
offers be sure to click the subscribe
button and turn on notifications to be
the first to watch our videos saying
goodbye to side mirrors have you ever
had a near crash because of your car's
blind spot you won't have to worry about
that anymore
cars aren't going anywhere but their
side mirrors are out II will be
launching cars without side mirrors in
2019 the system will use small exterior
built-in cameras to project to the
inside of the car BMW has also
created a concept car without mirrors
and many other technologies are bound to
follow in their footsteps these
technologies seek to provide cars with
smart software systems and the ability
to warn drivers of possible dangers in
England you can expect to soon see most
houses and buildings equipped with
electric vehicle chargers this is part
of an effort to make all modes of
transportation environmentally friendly
by 2035 say goodbye to remote controls
losing the remote control under the
couch will soon be a thing of the past
won't that be nice why would you need to
dig for the remote control when you can
speak to your tablet and tell it to turn
the TV on and play your favorite show we
already use smart home technology to
turn our lights off and on to reserve a
table at a restaurant and to control the
temperature in our home we can project
video wirelessly from our phones to our
TV some cable companies have created
smartphone apps to control your cable
remote controls will become obsolete as
our tablets and smartphones will be able
to accomplish the same tasks how about
cash and credit cards well cash and
credit cards have been on their way out
for a few years now first online
payments became available and the world
was thrilled to be able to purchase
items through the internet and handle
banking from the comfort of their home
then mobile payments became available
and a whole world of opportunities
opened up we didn't have to be dependent
on a computer to manage our payments as
we could do it through our phones
anytime and anywhere in the future you
won't even have to enter your
information just take a selfie and voila
payment complete MasterCard has
introduced a technology called selfie
pay where all you need to do is take a
picture of yourself and pay through
facial recognition by by keys keys will
soon become a relic in the distant
future your grandkids might go through
your drawer and find a small metal
object they'll bring it up to you and
say what's this grandpa
and you'll say keep out of my drawers
you little whippersnapper no you'll tell
them about
time when people used keys and the
adventures that ensued when you lost
them left them in the car or locked
yourself out of your house companies are
trying to create more secure and
efficient security systems just imagine
being able to command your car or
apartment to open by using your voice an
app on your car a retinal scan or your
DNA wait how's that you swab your cheek
and the door opens hmm goodnight wires
isn't it awful when your headphone wires
get tangled up or you go to plug in your
phone and see that the wires are torn
and damaged just struggle to hide that
mess of wire and cables from your TV
station and make it look presentable no
need to worry the future is wireless
wireless charging technology is always
improving and a lot of phones already
support this technology if you're tired
of trying to plug your phone into the
charger when you're all ready to sleep
at night wireless phone chargers already
exist headphones will also go straight
into your ear without any wires hanging
and dangling in front of you bye-bye
syringes good news for everyone with a
fear of needles like me healthcare
technologies have developed needle free
injections jet injections how can an
injection be needle free you say well
the jet injection is placed against your
skin and it delivers the medicine into
your body through a narrow precision
stream of fluid given the option between
an injection and a pill patients prefer
to take medicine orally that's why
researchers at MIT have designed a
second option to get rid of syringes
they have created a capsule that you
take orally and it's equipped with tiny
needles that release the medicine
straight into your digestive tract and
into your bloodstream sound a little
gruesome right but the researchers
assure us that it's a fast effective and
safe option so long delivery services is
it a plane is it a man is it a UFO no
it's probably a drone drone technology
is used in a wide variety of areas
from journalism filming and aerial
photography to disaster management
search and rescue delivery services and
a few more we won't mention giant
commercial companies like Boeing and
Amazon
see its potential they have conducted
experiments and come up with prototypes
to use this technology during the most
recent years we've witnessed many
experiments with drones trying to
deliver goods and replace delivery
persons many countries have already
adopted this way of delivering packages
so the next time you see a box flying
near your yard it might be a package
being delivered right to your door or it
could be a present from Martians
farewell signatures in the future all
you'll need to sign an important
document will be your face ok buddy just
dip your nose in the ink and kind of
move your head around right here that's
it perfect here you go
now it's actually facial recognition
technology which can identify a person
from a digital image it's used in all
sorts of areas from social media where
they tag someone automatically to
law-enforcement agencies where it's used
to track criminals in the future your
face will be your digital signature
privacy concerns aside it will certainly
be convenient
adios plastic bags approximately 2
million plastic bags are used worldwide
every minute yes every minute and they
are non biodegradable which means it
takes them between 15 and 1,000 years to
decompose in comparison to Beethoven who
took much less time to decompose several
environmentally friendly countries and
cities have fought against the use of
plastic bags New York Kenya and the UK
and Boston will soon join them they push
their citizens to use reusable bags
so purchasing a reusable bag if you
don't already own one is a good
investment for the future
Tata computer mouse we've been using the
mouse for personal computers since the
1970s and we've seen the mouse get a few
upgrades the ergonomic Mouse the
wireless mouse
and these devices are still used by PC
gamers for their convenience and
durability designers and engineers are
constantly rethinking what the future of
the mouse might look like Evo Mouse a
South Korean company has already
introduced a mouse that turns your
finger into the pointer the future will
see the mouse being replaced by virtual
reality and augmented reality the
computer mouse is sibling the keyboard
will also see an upgrade its tasks will
be managed through voice commands and
here's a bonus your boss could be cloned
have you ever been so busy that you wish
there were two of you Daniel called is a
busy chief investment officer for a
Swiss bank he was so busy that his bank
decided to clone him digitally an
artificial intelligence expert was hired
to create calls Digital clone the
purpose was for call to interact with
clients through video the called clone
will soon be unveiled and he or shall we
say it will soon be communicating with
clients digital assistants could be used
in any industry that provides customer
service so the next time you reach out
to your bank or have a customer service
question just know that you might be
speaking to an AI but by human
interaction so have you seen these
technologies phasing out which gadget
are you excited to use in the future
which ones might bother you tell us in
the comments and don't forget to
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life